If it was me, a random guy on the internet, saying this, you could have safely ignored the tweet.

But… But… But… Here it is, none other than Andrej Karpathy. He was the Director of AI at Tesla and cofounder of OpenAI. So, it’s okay if we give some attention to it.

Some people even took it to the next level.

One of the OGs of Indie Hacking, Peter Levels, built an entire app with AI and currently made over $80,000 in just a few days.


Although Levels is a famous guy, people might think, “Oh, he made it because of his fame and his experience.”

Another guy launched something similar, and he is not that popular, like levels.
The quicker you are to respond to something, the quicker it will get the reviews that you need.

But honestly, do you think the future will be like this? You just prompt Cursor or WindSurf to code your entire app?

Do you really think the future of writing code is not writing code?

The idea of not writing code at all might sound like a revolutionary change or even terrifying to traditional developers.

If you are a software engineer who has experience working in tech, it might be a handy tool, as you don’t need to write as much code. You just need to express what you want.

But if you’re someone who has never created an actual app and instead used vibe coding to build a new one, the chances are that once you reach a certain level of complexity and reach a point where you no longer understand the code, oh boy, you’re in trouble.

If you are a person who understands the ins and outs, they are going to benefit the most as you can produce quality stuff. Maybe you can even call yourself a 10X engineer.

I mean, even if the code is working, sometimes it will be like duct tape


This will be the code.
Yes, you’ll ship faster. But you’ll spend those saved hours reverse-engineering why the AI added if (user.isHappy) { deleteDatabase(); } to your payment gateway.

I’m not saying this will happen, but there is a chance that this will happen. What happens if you make a silly mistake and drop your entire database? It’s more like you need to be a 100X debugger first.

But I know companies are sacking people. Old-school devs are sweating. Bootcamp grads are panicking. And CEOs? They’re already drafting layoff memos titled “Optimizing Resources in the AI Era” for their shareholders.

Even if you built 100 projects and add them to your resume, your resume of “built 100 vibe apps” means nothing if you can’t fix a memory leak or understand the fundamentals or “reverse a binary tree …lol”.

One thing’s certain: The AI isn’t coming for your job. But the kid who vibes 3x faster than you? He might.


This image is apt (credit to owner)
Thanks for checking this blog.

Do clap if we are having the same thought process.

Technology
AI
Software Development
Programming
3.1K


116




Write A Catalyst
Published in Write A Catalyst
109K followers
·
Last published just now
Write A Catalyst and Build it into Existence.


Follow
Adarsh Gupta
Written by Adarsh Gupta
9.1K followers
·
131 following
Software Engineer | JavaScript developer | Technical Writer . Work with me? adarshguptaworks@gmail.com Connect with me? twitter.com/adarsh____gupta/


Follow

Responses (116)
Kapish Upadhyay
Kapish Upadhyay
﻿

Cancel
Respond
Yogesh Datir
Yogesh Datir

Mar 26


